Hello everyone
Today we will open
this beautiful Bing backpack case
called
chef Bing because in here we will find
everything you need to cook
just like a real chef there are 25
pieces including pots, ladles and vegetables and
various accessories
and here on the back we can see them  all
Here they are and there are also the stoves
for cooking Alice
the best thing is that in this
comfortable backpack you can always carry them
with you and cook Where you like most you have
seen
but before opening it what we must
remember Alice
is to click on the bell to  don't
miss any of our videos but
now let's open ready
I'm so hail let's make cooked paper
from here
sing and look how cute It's really
a backpack and there's also a handle and
here's the place to put some
straps If you want to carry it with  a
backpack
is from here it opens ready
and inside Oh look there are the
straps and so we can transform it into a
real backpack
Here are the stoves and here are
all the accessories of Bing's kitchen
which we will now assemble
here is also
the sheet with the stickers to decorate
the backpack
Here they are
and here are the stoves look
where the pots are placed for
cooking the stove the plate holder and the
sink
the stickers that go behind here
[Music]
now I was saying here and then a big one
behind
and here is the oven and also Blends look
and there is also
Here is the hanger where you put all
the ladles You put them Let's open a
beautiful spoon
Oh beautiful I put for the spaghetti it
's a beautiful big fork
Here then we have
We'll put the dishes here, a beautiful pan
with its lid. Put it on the
stove. Come on, let's cook something. A
beautiful pan
and the lids.
I was born.
Ok. Then we also have tongs for
cooking.
Thank you, mommy, thank you.
And the salt but let's make the ketchup here next to the
glass.
pizza the sticker goes there too
[Music]
Here it is
another beautiful spatula
a knife
and lots of vegetables we have a broccoli
a carrot
a corn on the cob
an aubergine
it's a green pepper
Ok cook for me tell him today what
spaghetti chain with vegetables
In the meantime I'll put the stove on
ok some
delicious spaghetti with vegetables
Now let's put them in here Oh
perfect it's on turn on the gas from here
perfect in the pan the pan
let's put these here the broccoli Perfect I
like broccoli also a carrot
perfect
oh oh I'll take it off  of peppers
But what aubergines all together to cook
That's it it
's lit perfect
No it's ready thanks I have my dish
an aubergine for me
and for you Thank you very much and it will take a little
Ketchup on mine
Thank you
and also a little salt for  please
Oh Perfect Now it's perfect It's
delicious Thanks Alice
I ate everything put the
dirty dishes in the
clean sink Oh Perfect It was all delicious
Alice thanks for lunch I'll see you
tomorrow ok Bye bye
A customer
but can I have a coffee now
you prepare it
why not  he wants it [ __ ] I
don't like it
shame I like it
perfect That is in the gas
[Music]
you made the coffee Alice
it's ready
clear it's burning Here's my
cup I'm bitter thank you Oh thank you very much
really good but you're really a chef
this kitchen is beautiful
and  then when you finish playing you
can close everything again look I have to
put everything in the briefcase backpack
so you
can close it
and take everything wherever you want
and take out the backpack Decorate with the
stickers we'll put them
Here it is and since it's beautiful
Now I want even more beautiful stickers  and
here the straps are mounted
so it becomes a real backpack
that you can always carry with you to
go and cook and have a nice picnic
ok
with the beautiful chef Bing with everything
you need to cook and become a
little chef and Alice and  see you
next time Bye bye